payment example (#1470)
LonamiWebs/Telethon: telethon_examples/README.md

![Screenshot of the tkinter GUI][tkinter GUI]

### [`payment.py`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LonamiWebs/Telethon/master/telethon_examples/payment.py)

* Usable as: **bot**.
* Difficulty: **medium**.

> This example shows you an example of making invoices (requesting payemnts) via bot without shipping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to make invoices (Telegram's way of requesting payments) via a bot account. The example does not include how to add shipping information, though.
```

> Uses some raw api and some raw request, which can also help you in understanding telethon itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

It makes use of the ["raw API"](https://tl.telethon.dev) (that is, no friendly `client.` methods), which can be helpful in understanding how it works and how it can be used.
```

* Difficulty: **medium**.

This example shows how to make invoices (Telegram's way of requesting payments) via a bot account. The example does not include how to add shipping information, though.

> You'll need to obtain provider token, more info [here](https://core.telegram.org/bots/payments)

Reviewer: Please avoid using links which are just a single word like "[here](https://example.com)". They provide no context whatsoever on their own and are annoying accessibility-wise.
```suggestion

You'll need to obtain a "provider token" to use this example, so please read [Telegram's guide on payments](https://core.telegram.org/bots/payments) before using this example.

```

(The empty newline is necessary or Markdown won't make it separate paragraphs.)
